Gooooood morning.
Mrs. Howard.
I mean "Good morning."
I know you told me
not to elongate my vowels
before we're in school.
- Good morning. Janine.
- Good morning.
- So ‐‐
- Ms. Howard?
Yes?
Ms. Howard!
It is you! Yo!
I would have thought
you would have retired by now!
Yo. I just dropped off
my nephew and ‐‐
Yo. you was always
my favorite teacher.
and I never got a chance
to thank you
for everything you did for me
back in kindergarten.
Aw. sweetheart. you don't have
to thank me for that.
You did this.
Of course
I need to thank you.
Before I was in your class.
everyone would have been like.
"Oh. he's gon' be the one
that needs to be secured."
But thanks to you.
I'm out here securing.
Well. I am very proud of you.
By the way.
how is your mother?
Well. that's complicated.
but it's gon' mean so much
to my moms
that Ms. Howard
asked after her.
Well. sweetheart.
it was so good to see you.
and have a great
rest of your day.
You. too. Ms. Howard.
Alright.
You. too.
Bye.
See. Mrs. Howard?
That is why we do this.
Mold those young minds.
Just create new lives.
make those connections.
That ‐‐
Sweetheart. I have no idea
who that young man was.
Morning.
Maker's "Hold'em" playing...
*ABBOTT'S ELEMENTARY*
Season 01  Episode 05
Episode Title: "Student Transfer"
Aired on: January 25. 2022.
Subtitles
Synchronized by srjanapala
Well. it looks like a classic
Schemmenti good mood day.
You know it!
I got my favorite parking spot.
my macchiato is on point.
and my neighbor finally
found her cat.
so no more hearing her cry
through the walls.
Jacob. are you ready?
I am not just ready.
- I am set and go.
- Yes.
Ready for what?
What's going on?
We have this little tradition
where we read
our Grades for Teachers
reviews out loud
when a new one comes in.
Mine are always just
incredibly flattering.
There's a Yelp
for teachers?
Yeah. Do you want me
to help you set up a page?
Because as it says here.
I am excellent at explaining
complicated ideas.
Oh. no. thanks.
That just sounds bad.
Hmm.
Oh... Oh. dang.
Found a new one.
- Okay. okay.
- Mm‐hmm.
What's wrong?
Uh. it's... it's nothing.
I just got
a C‐minus review.
which will bring down
my overall average
and
tarnish my reputation forever.
you know? It's like...
It's no big deal. though.
Well. if traditions
were always easy.
everyone would have them.
Everyone does.
"Nice but lacks experience
compared to the other
second grade teacher at Abbott."
Hey. that's me. The other
second grade teacher at Abbott.
This isn't that bad.
One of my reviews was so rude.
the superintendent had to
come check on me at home.
Yeah. well. that's you. though.
I don't get bad reviews.
You just did.
Girl. please. stop.
You're gonna make me
spit my coffee out.
Okay. look. ignore this. Reviews
on a poorly designed website
do not determine
what kind of teacher you are.
Yeah. no.
No. I just can't believe
the entire world can read
that I'm a bad teacher.
Hey. kid. listen.
There's nothing wrong
with having some room
for improvement.
Just take it from me.
the other. better. more
experienced teacher at Abbott.
Melissa plays a lot.
She jokes.
You know? She's good at it.
Just another thing
she's better at than me.
according to the reviews.
She's a regular Lucille Ball.
Oh. hey. man. Can you tell me
where I can find the mailboxes?
Oh. I'll show you.
No. you can just tell me.
No. no. it's good. It's fine.
We can walk together.
Oh. speaking of mail.
can we talk USPS?
Have you heard of
informed delivery?
What up. ol' curly head
Arthur from PBS looking boy?
And good
morning to you. Raheem.
You let them talk to you
like that?
Well. correct me if I'm wrong.
but the boys and I are bonding
in the tradition
of playing the dozens.
It's also called roasting.
Also called. uh.
blazing. frying.
Hmm. Lot of cooking
terminology.
Look. man.
I'm from Baltimore. okay?
All I know is when
somebody roasts you.
you got to
roast them back.
Our teachers
used to roast us.
If they didn't.
we wouldn't have respected them.
You're just getting clowned.
Of course I'm being clowned.
okay?
I don't know how to roast.
It's not that hard.
You just kind of have to take
what people give you. like...
You ol' mothball‐
sweater‐vest‐looking boy.
Hmm.
Simple yet cutting.
- Mm‐hmm.
- Okay. Thank you.
I thought you had to bring
way more to the table.
In the Dean Martin
celebrity roasts...
Where are
the mailboxes?
Oh. Yeah. Come on.
Alright. attendance time.
So raise your hand
if you're not here.
Alright. so
Nicole's not here.
Janine. come to my office.
- Ooh!
Alright. everybody.
uh. settle down.
Okay. everyone's who's not here.
please be good. alright?
I'll be right back.
- Mm‐hmm.
- She'll be right back.
Can she see me?
Hey. girl.
Hey. Ava.
You know I can't just
leave my classroom
- unattended like this. right?
- It's five minutes.
It's not like something could
go wrong in five minutes.
A lot
can go wrong. actually.
If you say so. Anyway.
one of Melissa's students
will be transferring
into your class.
Really? Why?
Girl. I don't know.
Things happen all day.
Maybe she wants to be closer
to the bathroom.
Maybe she like you more.
Maybe she got some kind
of Meek Mill‐Drake feud
going on with one of her
classmates. I don't know.
Maybe she likes me better.
If you really want to know.
you should read her file.
I have them arranged
by sexiest dad.
Her name is Courtney Pierce.
and her daddy is "foine."
No. that's okay.
I don't really
like to read the file.
I like to
get to know the child
so I don't have
any preconceived notions.
That's an adorable spin
on choosing to be unprepared.
I wonder
how Melissa's doing.
Hope she's not taking this
too hard.
Find out right now.
Melissa. Janine is on her way.
You do know that that's
coming out of all the speakers.
not just a specific
classroom. right?
I said you're on your way.
Looking like Ron Weasley
if he was a pick‐up artist.
This man look like
he dream in podcasts.
Well. look at you.
ol' blue shirt.
tan pants wearing guy.
With your
bright white shoes
and the laces all tied up
into a little bow?
Yeah. No way those
are accidentally falling off.
Mr. Vampire Weekend.
that really
hurt my feelings.
Raheem. I am...
I am so sorry.
You should be.
With that
Twilight‐shaped mouth!
Got him!
That's what we're all wearing.
It's a uniform.
You ain't even
observant. dawg.
They say the first year
of teaching is the hardest.
But...
What about the second year?
Minus $1 equals...
Hey. Melissa. Hey.
What?
Uh. sorry. I know you talked
to Ava. so this is awkward.
Why would it be awkward?
Oh. just the whole your student
preferring me thing.
Oh. yeah. no.
Not awkward at all. Just.
there's a couple things that you
should know about Courtney
before you take her into your
class. I know you're more experienced
than I am.
but this transfer
kind of proves
I've got something special
in my classroom
that's got the kids
a‐talkin'.
Courtney.
come over here. hon.
It's time for you
to go with
your very confident new teacher.
Ms. Teagues.
Why don't you go get your stuff?
I'm like the Allen Iverson
of teachers.
and you're like that guy
he stepped over once.
You mean three‐time
NBA champion Tyronn Lue?
That guy?
Yes. you know basketball.
but my point is.
maybe I'm not
a bad teacher.
Maybe you are.
Okay.
Courtney.
I want you to go
and be your wonderful self
with Ms. Teagues. okay?
I have no doubt
that you're gonna have
a great time in her class.
Alright.
Have fun.
Oh. look at you all.
being so well‐behaved.
Setting a great example
for our new student.
Hi. I'm Janine.
- Hi. Janine.
Uh. no. She's not Janine.
Her name is...
My name is
Janine Teagues.
- Hi. Janine Teagues!
It's not Janine.
Yes. it is.
Courtney?
One of the toughest students
I've ever had.
She's gonna eat Janine alive.
Okay. everyone. please stand
for the Pledge of Allegiance.
Except for Andrew.
who is taking a principled stand
against nationalism.
Yes.
Alright. Everyone else?
I...
I pledge allegiance to the flag
of the United States
of Courtney.
And to the Courtney
for which it stands.
one nation under Courtney.
indivisible.
with Courtney
and Courtney for all.
That's right!
Nice job.
That's right.
Courtney. go back
to your seat.
But I'm done
with all my work.
Go.
Your next word is "smooth."
Go. go. go.
Done!
"Rebble"?
It's "ra‐bell."
Courtney?
Courtney. please stop.
Courtney. Just...
Hey. Hi.
Can I help you?
Yeah. I just stopped by
to see how Courtney's doing.
Oh. yeah.
Courtney is thriving.
Whole class is. actually.
She was the missing piece to
our little puzzle of learning.
Oh.
That's great to hear.
I'm surprised you're not
having any problems.
Took me a couple of months
to figure out
how to keep her
from disrupting the class.
Look at you doing it
in a couple of hours.
I guess you really are
the superior teacher.
I'm teaching a lesson
on gravity.
Here's a little secret...
Courtney didn't get transferred
out of my class
'cause I couldn't handle her.
She got her parents
to transfer her
because I'd already caught on
to all her little tricks.
Most of them.
Nobody could have seen
that macaroni thing coming.
So I said.
"I'm not giving you a ride.
I'm 'bout to drop you off
at the airport of life."
Oh. I know that's right.
Hey. ladies.
Sorry to interrupt.
Uh. you mentioned earlier
that there was a file
on Courtney Pierce?
Yeah. Thicker than a Snicker.
Heavy like a Chevy.
Ooh.
Okay.
Are you having issues
with Courtney?
Ah. I wouldn't say...
She need help.
Look at her.
With that "I need help" face.
Okay. this is not
an "I need help" face.
It is an "I have it
under control" face
and arm and leg and...
And that is good.
because I cannot help you.
You see. Ava and I
have placed a modest wager
on your success with
the whole Courtney situation.
and I will not
affect the outcome.
Wait. hold on.
You bet on me?
Well. yeah.
You guys are using
my performance as a teacher
for entertainment?
Mm‐hmm.
Okay. that's it.
You know what?
I'm taking everybody's money.
Janine. you do know
that that is not
how bets work. right?
Ava. I'm gonna need
to see that file.
Okay. You don't have to say it
all determined.
Nobody's stopping you
from seeing the file.
I offered it
to you yesterday.
Just go in the office
and look.
Okay.
Hey. how's it going?
It's... Yeah.
"Psychological warfare?"
"Could make a good
cult leader someday.
Melissa Schemmenti."
Well. I found Courtney's file.
and it is substantial.
Cannot believe Melissa
didn't tell me any of this.
But now that I'm informed.
I can handle it.
I'm just gonna have to
communicate to Courtney
that this behavior isn't okay.
I bet no one's ever really tried
to talk to her. you know?
Meet her where she's at.
Juice?
Apple juice? Really?
Okay. Um...
Courtney. did you know
the emotional center
isn't actually in the heart
but in the brain?
Pass.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Okay. Sit down.
Hold on. Alright.
You're a leader. Courtney.
And maybe that's something
your other teachers
didn't see about you.
but I do.
I know that when you tie your
classmates' shoelaces together
and tell them to dance.
you're just looking
for affirmation.
And. Courtney.
I will affirm you.
We will sit down together.
maybe do a puzzle...
I bet you love puzzles
as much as I do...
and just work through
some of those feelings together.
Okay.
I mean...
So I reached out to her.
you know? Sat her down.
Because
at the end of the day.
teaching is just about
communicating.
and that's something
I live by.
I don't want to compare.
but. like...
Barbara.
have you ever been roasted
by your students?
One. they're 5.
Two. they respect me.
Three. what would
they even say?
Mm.
Hey. I need to talk.
Like to a friend.
You know how sometimes when
you're being chased by a dog
and you can't tell
if it's playing
- or if it's trying to bite you?
- No.
But at the same time.
you don't want to stop running.
because if it isn't playing.
you're gonna get bit?
Look. I tried
roasting my students back.
and it didn't work.
It got way worse
and oddly specific.
Come on. It couldn't
have been that bad.
They called me "HuffPo‐reading
gay Pete Buttigieg."
which is repetitive
and insulting.
As if I would read a word
of Huffington Post
after Arianna stepped down.
You may just have to
take the I on this one. man.
I mean. you can't really
beat them at their own game.
It's like them
challenging you to...
Dungeons & Dragons.
Yeah. you can't really
challenge someone to D&D.
It's more like a cooperative
game that's all about
the shared experience
rather than winning.
Thank you. you ol'
good friendship having man.
Is everything okay?
Oh. you tell me.
You got a little sleepyhead
over there.
Do you want to know
what I do
when a kid falls asleep
in my class?
- Sure.
- Nothing.
'cause it doesn't happen.
I keep my kids engaged.
Anyway.
do you have a second
for me to show you something
regarding Courtney?
Alright. my little eagles.
We're gonna take quiet time
a bit early. okay?
Yes. Ms. Schemmenti. Yes. Ms.
Schemmenti. Yes. Ms. Schemmenti.
I know you didn't
pull me out of class
just so you could brag.
No. of course not.
Courtney's teaching us
a new word.
Courtney!
Look away. y'all.
Alright. guys.
we're gonna go into
Ms. Schemmenti's class
for a little bit
while Mr. Johnson
cleans the board
because Courtney decided
to use permanent marker
even though dry‐erase
was right there.
But she knew that.
She knew that.
I heard there's a bet going.
Is it too late for me
to get in on the action?
I went from having one teacher
to two.
Ain't that some ****
Courtney! Courtney!
You know. I'm glad
she's in your class now
so you two can throw
your little tantrums together.
I'm sorry.
was it not a tantrum
when you sent Courtney
to my class
without warning me
about her behavioral issues?
Yes. I saw your notes
in your file.
I did try to warn you.
ya gabbadost.
but you got too big
for your britches
and you didn't
want to listen.
Well. maybe if you hadn't been
making fun of me yesterday.
I wouldn't have
gotten defensive.
Janine. I was goofing.
Unlike when you called me
a bad teacher.
something I would
never call you.
You know. I‐I know
that review hit you hard.
but I didn't deserve that.
Okay.
I'm sorry. You're right.
You're right.
That review really.
really hurt my feelings.
and I took it out on you.
It wasn't even that bad.
It just said you were
less experienced.
Listen. if you go look
at the Facebook reviews
of my cousin Rocco's
hoagie shop. you would think
the man sold food poisoning.
But he's gonna keep
making hoagies.
You know why?
Most people love them.
You got to keep
making hoagies.
Now. what are we gonna do
about this one?
Thank you for your business.
Ol' I should have been a hooper.
but basketball didn't exist
lookin' boy.
1800s Slenderman
in the face.
Okay. while
these are hilarious.
let's try and incorporate some
of the lessons into the roast.
Ol' bullet in the head
at Ford's Theatre lookin' boy.
My mans got ain't been sleeping
four score and seven years ago
bags all up under his eyes.
Abe Lincoln.
I'm Abe Lincoln. Mr. Hill.
Yes. yes!
Good work. team!
Yeah. I guess.
like. thumbs up is
kind of our thing now.
Bye.
Don't forget your homework.
- Ms. Schemmenti.
- Yes?
Courtney called me stupid.
No. I didn't.
I called you "stupendous."
- you idiot.
- Courtney!
You know what? I'm just gonna
go home and take a nap.
'cause I'm utterly depleted.
What'd she say?
One thing I will say.
that girl has
a fairly advanced vocabulary.
She corrected my math
last week.
She threw a stapler first.
but she was right
about the math.
You know. when I was
going through Part 2
of Courtney's file earlier.
I realized her grades
have never dropped.
Mnh‐mnh.
And usually when a kid
is acting out like that.
you see it
in their performance.
Yeah. that's
what makes it tough.
Hard to discipline a kid
who's getting straight A's.
Alright.
So. what if
we rewarded her?
You might be onto something
there. rookie.
Okay. so if B makes it block.
then C makes it what?
Uh. not quite. Try again.
There you go. Good job.
Wow. You think you know someone.
and then they cheat on you
with their thumb.
Ol' Siskel & Ebert
two thumbs up lookin' ass boy.
Okay.
You want to bump the
**** Puzzles kid up a grade?
Yes. After
talking to Melissa
about how she was able
to keep Courtney in line.
we realized
the only thing that works
is when
she feels challenged.
Are you sure
you're not just trying
to dump Courtney
on another teacher?
No. no. no. I feel
that with a more
challenging workload.
Courtney will be much.
much easier to handle.
and she won't have time
to distract her classmates.
Mm‐hmm.
Why does that sound so familiar?
Oh. Hold up.
Part 3?
My bad. y'all. She was supposed
to skip second grade.
but they told me
during Essence Fest.
I missed a lot of paperwork
during that month.
Isn't Essence Fest
just a weekend?
Maybe for y'all.
- Oh. hey. Barbara!
- Nothing to see here.
just Janine going on and on
about what a handful Courtney is
and how she can't handle
the situation at all.
Is that so?
Fine.
I guess technically
Janine succeeded.
She figured out that Courtney
needs to be bumped up a grade.
Guess you win the bet.
Hmm.
Barbara?
You believed in me?
Janine. why don't you go
handle this transfer
so that your class isn't
any more disrupted
than it already has been?
Okay.
Mm.
It's a heart.
I learned that from Courtney.
I thought Barbara bet
against me. but she didn't.
She actually thinks
I'm a great teacher.
Maybe even better than...
Courtney!
Hey. Courtney! What. get...
How'd you get back
in the building? Courtney!
It's barely wet.
What you. the CDC?
I will expect some non‐brassiere
money from you by tomorrow.
because. Ava?
Huh?
You do not want to
owe me money.
Hmm.
Oh. damn.
Mm.
What?